# Distributed-Project-Group6

Project Description:

Dog Breed Classification emerges based on how unfair breed identification affected the lives of these frail creatures by keeping them from getting the home they deserved. Image classification, a discipline which over the years has made tremendous advancements with new and improved techniques continuously being implemented to improve the accuracy. With an enormous amount of effort being put into the field, multiclass classification has proven to be particularly challenging. Hence, in this project we focus on achieving multiclass classification on dog breed identification using state of the art deep learning techniques
Deep learning is a subset of the Machine learning, which is reliant on learning data representations, unlike task specific algorithms. A common illusion that entails around deep learning is that the concept deep learning is relatively new which however is not the case. The reason it was eclipsed before was because the computational requirements for running deep learning were too high. Only recently with the rise of new hardware enabling parallel computation for instance GPUs deep learning was re-discovered as computational time was no longer a major concern. In Deep Learning Convolution neural network Computers see images using pixels. Pixels in images are usually related. For example, a certain group of pixels may indicate the edge of an image or other pattern. Convolutions use this to help identify images. Convolution multiplies the pixel matrix with a filter matrix or 'kernel' and summarizes the multiplication values. Then the slide convolution slides to the next pixel and repeats the same process until all the pixels of the image are covered.

